Demo application for Ptf
========================

Installation
------------
1. Put all files of this repository into a directory below your web root.
2. Install the [Ptf framework](https://github.com/tiger42/ptf) into an arbitrary directory. The best place is inside the demo application's directory.

Configuration
-------------
1. Change the path to the Ptf installation in __src/Application.php__, if necessary.
2. Create a MySQL/MariaDB database (e.g. "ptf_demo") and import the DB dump from __sql/demo.sql__.
3. Copy or rename the __config.ini.php.example__ file to __config.ini.php__.
4. Adjust the database parameters and the database driver to use (PDO\_MySQL or MySQLi) in __config.ini.php__.
5. Make sure that the __var/__ directory is writable for the webserver user.
6. If you like, you may configure the application to use Smarty as its template engine in __src/App/Context.php__.
You can also configure your preferred Session storage method here (Memcached, file system or default PHP session handling).
7. Run `bin/compile_inis.php` on the command line to generate the configuration classes from the INI file settings.

Now use your webbrowser to point to the application's URL and the demo application should be loaded.

CLI scripts
-----------
* Use `bin/compile_inis.php` to generate _Config_ classes into the __src/App/Config/__ directory after changing
any setting in the INI file.
* Use `bin/clear_cache.sh` to delete the cache generated by the autoloader as well as the Smarty cache and compiled templates
(if you prefer to use the _Smarty_ view instead of the _Plain_ view).
